(Kite)
It's funny, but for all the
dueling these hands have done,
I cannot remember why I ever
picked up a deck.
All my dueling lately
has been for Hart.
My whole reason for being was
to gather Numbers to save him.
But now that he's safe,
what's next for me?
Hey Kite, be careful...
Don't worry about
a thing, Hart.
This time, there's
nothing we stand to lose.
I only agreed to this duel
as a favor to Yuma.
And besides, Hart...
he's never been a challenge.
Be sure and watch
the duel.
I promise to
put on a good show.
Good luck.
♪ If life is a game they say
I can't win ♪
♪ I'll never
amount to nothing ♪
♪ Tear me down before my life
begins ♪
♪ I won't be afraid
to challenge myself ♪
♪ They won't ever
break my fire ♪
♪ My dreams won't die
if I high five the sky ♪
♪ Spread my wings
take off it's time to fly ♪
♪ Take a chance
to make it all the way ♪
♪ Take a chance forgetting
yesterday ♪
♪ Take a chance believe ♪
♪ Nothing will
bring me down ♪
♪ No retreat when I leave
all my fears behind ♪
♪ My future's
still alive inside ♪
♪ Take a chance and chase
my doubts away ♪
♪ Believing gets me
through my darkest days ♪
♪
♪ Take a chance to make it
all the way ♪
♪ Take a chance
forgetting yesterday ♪
♪ Take a breath my heart
will lead the way ♪
♪ Take a chance
I'll take a chance today ♪
You know, Astral, I'm really
excited for our duel
against Kite!
Yes.
As am I, Yuma.
I mean, Kite is like
a Super powerful duelist!
The first time we dueled him,
he totally creamed us
with his Galaxy-Eyes!
Then after that, you and I
harnessed the power of Zexal
dueling him,
but he still matched us
card for card.
And then we tag dueled
with him to rescue Hart.
I've always been amazed
by his dueling.
And the more impressed I got
with his skill,
the more beating him
became a goal I had to reach!
And today I finally think
I'm ready for him, Astral!
(Bronk)
Man, Yuma's super pumped
to take on Kite.
Um, guys, am I the only one
who thinks Yuma's in
way over his head?
No, Flip,
you're not alone.
I think Yuma may be
outmatched this time!
Gotta admit though,
he'll probably lose,
but it'll be a
great battle.
C'mon now.
Am I the only one who has faith
Yuma will win?
Nope.
What's that?
Not sure...
Up there!
What took you so long?
We've been waiting
for like forever.
I'm here, aren't I?
Hope you two don't mind--
we want to watch this.
This should be
quite a show!
Oh, it will be.
But I can tell you
how it'll end.
Kite will crush Yuma flat.
Hey Kite!
I've been waitin' a long time
to take you on again.
Now we'll finally see
who the better duelist is!
Oh please.
The better duelist?
Everyone here knows
that's me!
And now I'll be happy
to prove it to you!
'Kay.
Let's see what you got!
Duel Disk go!
Then let's do this!
Photon Transformation!
Duel Gazer, let's roll!
(computer voice)
Augmented Reality Vision Link
established.
Let's duel!
Be safe.
Go, Yu--
Yuma!
You could win,
just don't mess up 'kay?
Aw, thanks,
I will!
That goes for
you too, Astral!
Stop looking so gloomy!
Well, he always
looks like that.
W-w-wait!
You can see Astral now?
Yeah, I don't know why,
but I just can!
My recent experiences in battle
have made me visible
to some individuals.
A truly interesting
phenomenon.
Well, I was first.
You're all just
copying me...
Hey, you two.
If you're done
gabbing with your fans,
let's get this duel
started.
Happy to!
Okay, I'll go first,
and get the show on the road
with this draw!
I summon Ganbara Knight
in attack mode!
Whoa, what the what?
Yuma's pulled some bonehead
dueling moves in the past,
but this one might
just take the cake!
Yes, in the end.
Summoning a monster with zero
attack points in attack mode
is rather eccentric.
Ah who am I kidding,
it's totally nuts!
Yuma...
Yes, Astral?
Good move.
Now I activate the spell
Zerozerock!
Due to this card's effect,
you can't attack monsters that
are in attack mode with
zero attack points!
I have seen that look
from Kite before
and would not be surprised if he
summoned his Galaxy-Eyes next!
But with our spell, and Ganbara
Knight's special ability,
our defense is stronger.
Yeah!
I end my turn now, Kite!
So let's see
what you can do.
I'm happy to show off what
I've got in store right now!
Since there's not a single
monster on my field,
I'm allowed
to summon this card!
Photon thrasher!
Next I summon
Photon Crusher!
Photon monsters!
Well here it comes,
Astral.
Now I tribute my Level 4 Photon
Thrasher and Photon Crusher.
I Xyz summon the monster
more savage than a supernova!
With the cataclysmic force of
ten black holes put together!
A cosmic scourge that vaporizes
anything in its path...
... the incredible
Galaxy-Eyes Photon Dragon!
Whoa, Galaxy-Eyes!
No matter how many times it's
played, it's always impressive!
I agree!
And now that my monster
is out,
it's time for it to sink
its teeth into yours!
Galaxy-Eyes, attack
Ganbara Knight now!
I don't think so!
Due to Zerozerock's effect,
since Ganbara Knight
has zero attack points,
you can't attack it!
Don't be so sure.
I can attack it when I activate
the spell Galaxy Burst!
By cutting Galaxy-Eyes'
attack points in half,
two of your cards
lose their effects!
And I choose Ganbara Knight
and Zerozerock!
My defense is gone?
Very impressive.
Not only did Kite manage to
summon out his monster,
but he neutralized
our defense
and he did them both
in the same turn!
Now Galaxy-Eyes attack
Ganbara Knight!
Photon Stream
of Destruction!
He just lost 1,500
life points!
Well, that settles it,
Yuma's in over his head.
This'll teach you
to be so catty!
Yuma, you're not giving up,
are you?
Nah...
he just got lucky...
Not bad.
Not bad at all!
But this duel
is far from over!
What a fool.
No matter how hopelessly
outmatched he is,
Yuma always deludes himself
into thinking he stands
a chance of winning.
Now I'm going to activate
the spell Battle Gravity!
You won't like it, 'cause we
both have to battle
with all our monsters
on each turn or take damage.
So that means you'll be seeing
a lot of my Galaxy-Eyes!
What?
Astral, does that mean what
I think it means?
Yes, we must make
a dire choice.
We either fight Galaxy-Eyes or
our life points take a blow.
You got that right,
Astral.
I place one card
facedown... and...
... end my turn!
And since my turn is through,
Galaxy Burst's effect ends,
so Galaxy-Eyes'
attack points,
as well as your Zerozerock's
effect return to normal.
No matter what moves
you two make,
I'll always be
three steps ahead.
Yeah?
We'll see 'bout that!
You don't scare me.
This is what dueling's
all about.
You make a move,
then I try to outdo it...
Dueling's loads
of fun, huh?
There's nothing
fun about it.
It's a job,
a means to an end.
No, you're looking
at it all wrong!
See dueling for
what it really is!
A friendly competition!
Maybe for you, but for me,
it was anything but that.
You need a new perspective!
Try looking at things
my way!
Just feel the flow!
Trust in the cards.
Not only is it
a great feeling,
it'll really up
your game too!
Sure will.
In the end, he's right.
Completely.
Purr-fect!
How true...
A unique perspective.
Not a bad speech
there, kid.
Feeling the flow
is what I live by.
What matters
is having fun!
Winning just
happens that way...
And maybe you'll make
a new friend too...
What a total bunch
of nonsense!
Dueling's about
crushing your foe!
And after that, taking
their Numbers.
Defeating their Number Cards
is the only thing dueling
has ever
meant to me, Yuma.
And I'll be beating
your best next.
No way that's happening!
'Cause I'm feeling
the flow!
My turn!
I draw!
And I'm summoning out
Goblindbergh!
When Goblindbergh is
successfully summoned,
I can summon another
monster from my hand!
And here it is,
Gagaga Magician!
Next, I overlay my Goblindbergh
and Gagaga Magician!
With these two monsters,
I build the Overlay Network.
And Xyz Summon
Number 39: Utopia!
Aww yeah, Utopia!
Just what he needed!
Win this!
I knew it wouldn't be long
before he summoned his Number!
Now Utopia,
attack Galaxy-Eyes!
Yuma!
Utopia has less attack points
than Galaxy Eyes!
That's okay, 'cause
I use one Overlay Unit
to stop Utopia's
attack!
That was a huge
mistake, Yuma.
Don't you remember?
Due to Battle
Gravity's effect,
if you don't fight
my Galaxy Eyes,
you take 1,000
points of damage!
Yuma...
No, 'cause I'm not
through...
I activate the
spell Flash Effect!
Excellent!
Since Utopia used
its special ability,
it not only gains 800
attack points,
but all monsters lose their
special abilities.
What?
Is this for real?
Oh yeah!
That means Utopia powers up
to 3300 attack points!
And Utopia and Galaxy Eyes
lose their special abilities!
Excellent, Utopia's attack on
Galaxy-Eyes can continue.
However this time,
with more attack points!
That's right!
And Utopia's added power will
allow us to slay that Dragon.
Galaxy-Eyes is one monster
I will definitely not miss.
And now!
Utopia,
attack Galaxy-Eyes!
Don't think so!
I activate the trap
Battle Simulation!
Now both our monsters'
attack points are cut in half!
And neither can be
destroyed in battle!
Nicely done!
I'll say.
I thought Yuma had got
the upper hand this time.
Bet he didn't expect
that move.
The twerp's toast!
One more thing...
Now what?
This!
I activate the spell
Double Bind!
And this card spells double
the trouble for you,
because it doubles
Utopia's attack points!
Bet you've begun to think
about how to handle your loss,
huh, Kite?
I don't lose.
(Astral)
Are you certain?
Battle Simulation's
effect ends
and Galaxy-Eyes
can be destroyed!
Big deal--
Bring it on, Yuma!
Let 'em have it,
Utopia!
Attack with
Rising Sun Slash!
Now the effects of
all traps and spells end
and Utopia's attack points
and special abilities
return to normal.
Now I'll just place one card
facedown and then end my turn!
Ahh!
Yes!
That wasn't just awesome!
It was awesomely awesome!
Did you guys see that?
Give it up for this guy!
Hey, why aren't you guys
screaming at the top
of your lungs like me?
(Kite)
He really is
quite remarkable.
No matter how many times he's
knocked to the floor...
he always jumps right up again
and gets back to dueling...
... even though it usually means
falling down all over again.
I, on the other hand,
am nothing like Yuma.
Oh dear.
Yuma and Astral...
Yes, Kite?
What's going on?
I give up.
You win.
I just can't go on.
This duel is now over.
I can't go on.
This duel is over.
Kite, what are you
talking about?
What do you mean
you can't go on?
No, Kite, don't do this!
This isn't a joke, is it?
'Cause I'm not laughing!
It's not, Yuma.
I've realized that I have
no reason to go on dueling.
But, Kite...
You see, up until now, I dueled
to gather all the Number Cards
in order to save Hart.
Now that Hart is okay, I don't
need to collect Number Cards.
I have been so used
to beating Numbers,
that that's what
I thought I wanted.
But I see now that defeating
your Utopia is pointless.
I forfeit.
No way...
You hear me?
I won't accept you just
quitting this duel!
Because I refuse
to believe that this is
what you really want!
It is.
Dueling lacks
purpose for me.
Kite, no...
Listen, Kite,
you are wrong.
You see, dueling
does have a purpose,
though you cannot see it.
I used to think
the only purpose to dueling
was regaining my memories,
but I would soon learn that
I was very wrong!
You see, the more
I dueled alongside Yuma,
the more I realized
dueling's true purpose.
True purpose?
Yes, it is friendship.
The more you duel
with someone,
the deeper your
bonds grow together.
As was the case with Yuma.
Our hearts and minds
grew closer.
We became friends...
because we gained
a greater understanding
of one another.
Dueling has done
the same with you.
It has made you my friend.
You see, memories are only
reminders of the past,
but friendships carry
you into the future.
Please understand, Kite.
You do not need to
live in the past.
Live instead
for the future!
I...
Kite, he's right!
Be just like me
and high-five the sky!
Well, not just like me,
but you get the idea, right?
Yuma...
I guess what my good friend
Astral is getting at is:
Dueling rocks,
on so many levels!
Oh, and the best part is,
me and my friends
never have to worry about
grades or report cards
on the duel field!
It's gonna be okay,
I promise.
I've seen that look before
and Kite's definitely
not giving up!
I've never had
many friends.
And I don't know
if any are in my future...
But it sounds like dueling opens
up a world of possibilities,
and I'd be a fool
to ignore that.
Sounds good...
That's just what
I wanted to hear.
(Vetrix)
Isn't that nice?
It sounds like Kite has a
renewed interest in dueling.
And it's all thanks to Yuma.
He has a lot in common
with his father.
They both see
the value of friendship.
Maybe they are
on to something...
Quinton, Quattro, Trey!
We're off!
Yes, coming, father.
Yuma, thank you
for everything.
You ready to get beat?
You'll regret those words.
See, you winning
is not in the cards!